docs: add zapier (#3533)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/zapier-neon.md

1.  **Log in to Zapier.**
2.  Navigate to "**App Connections**" from the left sidebar.
    ![App Connections in Zapier](/docs/guides/zapier-app-connections.png)
3.  Click "**Add connection**" and search for "**PostgreSQL**".
    ![Add connection page in Zapier](/docs/guides/zapier-add-connection.png)
4.  A pop-up window will appear asking for connection details. You can find most of these in your Neon Console on the **Dashboard** page, by clicking on the **Connect** button for your database. Fill in the following fields:

    - **Host:** Your Neon host (e.g., `ep-tight-boat-a6aplura-pooler.us-west-2.aws.neon.tech`)
    - **Port:** `5432`
    - **Database:** Your Neon database name (e.g., `neondb`)
    - **Username:** Your Neon database user (e.g., `neon_user`)
    - **Password:** **This is where the special format is needed.** See the important note below.

    <Admonition type="important" title="Password Format for Neon Postgres in Zapier">

>     To connect Zapier to Neon successfully, you must include your Neon **Endpoint ID** within the password field. This is because Neon uses SNI to route connections, and some clients like Zapier's PostgreSQL connector donot pass SNI information in a way that Neon can use directly without this workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To connect Zapier to Neon successfully, you must include your Neon **Endpoint ID** within the password field. This is because Neon uses SNI to route connections, and some clients like Zapier's PostgreSQL connector do not pass SNI information in a way that Neon can use directly without this workaround.
```
